All right.
So now the last lecture of this particular section, I'm going to go to our cloud desktop, going to
completely close it.
And I'm going to open the cloud desktop.
So because this is going to the player service has already been configured.
If I'm just going to open the cloud, uh, by closing it and reopening it, it is just going to spawn
up with a new server that we have configured.
And look at that.
We have our playwright MCP server with seven tools.
Wow, that is amazing.
We have already built an fully functional MCP server, which is amazing.
And now if I'm going to say can you navigate uh to http colon e app, uh sammy.com and click login link
and perform login operation with username as admin and password as password.
And then click uh employee list.
Um something like that and click create button and uh, enter the details of employee and finally log
out.
So I'm going to do perform and complete end to end scenario of that particular application.
And we'll see how the MCP server that we have built is going to do all these job for us.
Look at that.
The MCP server has launched the uh, launch the browser.
Now.
It should perform a login link.
Click look at that.
It just did that.
Perfect.
It's done.
And now it should perform a fill operation.
I'm going to just say hello always.
So it's going to enter the username as admin password as passwords clicking the login link.
And then it should click the employee list for us over there.
Done.
Which is awesome.
I just feel like I'm just showing a demo of my existing playwright MCP server, which is built, uh,
in the it's built in available as the NPM package, which is pretty amazing to see how this is working.
Ah, look at that.
It's just clicking the grade as well.
Uh, let's just assume that I'm going to choose that junior.
Um, let's see what's really happening there.
Oh, because we have not really handled the drop down.
I think it's going to struggle a bit to select the drop downs.
Uh, which, uh, we need to build one more tool to perform this operation.
Uh, but I think that is one of the caveat that I missed to implement in this particular.
Uh toolings.
I will let you to do this, uh, building of the select operation from a drop down.
It is so easy and so straightforward.
I don't think this is going to be, uh, uh, any issue.
See, the moment I, uh, the moment the player MVP server couldn't able to handle this operation is
going to call the evaluate JS to perform this operation.
See, that is pretty nice and neat.
And then it it actually entered everything.
And it also performed the log of operation which is amazing.
So look at that.
That's created every single thing for us.
And it also performed a log of operation and it has logged out successfully.
Uh.
See also doing a get text to see if it has successfully logged out.
And our MVP server is ready.
Guys, you have successfully implemented a playwright MVP server all by yourself by using the power
of fast MVP.
Congratulations and thanks for purchasing this course.